What are the early warning signs of melanoma?
What is the survival rate for melanoma?
How does melanoma start?
Is melanoma Fatal?
What does Stage 1 melanoma mean?
What does Stage 1 melanoma look like?
How does melanoma make you feel?
Are melanomas itchy?
What does a melanoma spot look like?
Is melanoma a death sentence?
How long can you live after melanoma?
Who is most affected by melanoma?
Can you have melanoma for years and not know?
Where is melanoma commonly found?
Is melanoma raised or flat?
Can a melanoma be benign?
Do melanomas appear suddenly?
How long does melanoma take to spread?
How fast does melanoma spread to organs?
Can melanoma appear in one day?
Are melanomas always dark?
What does Stage 2 melanoma look like?
What are the 5 stages of melanoma?
	Stage 0 Melanoma (in situ) ...
    	Stage I Melanoma (localized tumor) ...
    	Stage II Melanoma (localized tumor) ...
    	Stage III Melanoma (regional spread) ...
    	Stage IV Melanoma (metastasis beyond regional lymph nodes) ...
    	Brain Metastases.
Does stress cause melanoma?
	Coupled with genetic and environmental factors, stress appears to play a role in melanoma formation and progression.
Does melanoma feed on sugar?
	Melanoma cells are dependent on glucose to grow and spread
Is Stage 1 melanoma serious?
How do you know melanoma has spread?
What foods fight melanoma?
What foods to avoid if you have melanoma?
Why do I have a lot of moles on my body?
What are symptoms of melanoma Besides moles?
Can melanoma go away on its own?
	Melanoma can go away on its own
Which vitamin is good for melanoma?
	vitamin D 3
How do you beat melanoma?
How long is melanoma surgery recovery?
	Most wounds take 1 to 3 weeks to heal. If a large area of skin was removed, you may have a skin graft. In that case, healing may take longer. Some soreness around the site of the wound is normal.
What happens after a melanoma is removed?
	The area around the wide local excision may feel tight and tender for a few days. Your doctor will prescribe painkillers if necessary. If you have a skin graft, the area that had skin removed may look red and raw immediately after the operation. Over a few weeks, this area will heal and the redness will fade.
How quickly should melanoma be removed?
	recommend treatment within 4–6 weeks
Why am I getting moles all of a sudden?
Should I worry about my mole?
	It's important to get a new or existing mole checked out if it: changes shape or looks uneven. changes colour, gets darker or has more than 2 colours. starts itching, crusting, flaking or bleeding.
How do you know if moles are cancerous?
	Redness or new swelling beyond the border of a mole. Color that spreads from the border of a spot into surrounding skin. Itching, pain, or tenderness in an area that doesn't go away or goes away then comes back. Changes in the surface of a mole: oozing, scaliness, bleeding, or the appearance of a lump or bump
Does melanoma lead to other cancers?
	People who've had melanoma can still get other cancers. In fact, melanoma survivors are at higher risk for getting some other types of cancer: Another skin cancer, including melanoma (this is different from the first cancer coming back) Salivary gland cancer
What are the survival rates for melanoma?
	5-year relative survival rates for melanoma skin cancer
SEER stage	5-year relative survival rate
Localized	99%
Regional	66%
Distant	27%
All SEER stages combined	93%
Can too much vitamin D cause melanoma?
Why am I getting more moles as I age?
Are crusty moles always cancerous?
When should a mole be looked at?
What happens if you pick a mole off?
Can I go in the sun after having melanoma?
How do you keep melanoma from coming back?
